index.md, before:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
hidden: true
header:
  overlay_color: "#B0C4DE"

excerpt: >
  <p style="font-family:楷体">此后如竟没有炬火，我便是唯一的光</p><br />
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/patrick/book.png
    alt: "paper"
    title: "paper"
    excerpt: "Paper reading notes"
    url: "/docs/configuration/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/patrick/code.png
    alt: "code"
    title: "code"
    excerpt: "Project code"
    url: "/docs/layouts/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/patrick/cloud.png
    alt: "article"
    title: "article"
    excerpt: "Original and reprinted good articles"
    url: "/docs/license/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"   
---

{% include feature_row %}





## Modify record

- 2021/11/7 

  Personal blog is initially set up.I upload the papers and notes I read during the summer vacation and the project code for this month here.

Commit message:

this time i will win all

index.md, after:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
hidden: true
header:
  overlay_color: "#0092ca"
excerpt: >
    此后如竟没有炬火，我便是唯一的光<br />
    If there is no torch after that, I will be the only light<br />	
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/patrick/book.png
    alt: "paper"
    title: "paper"
    excerpt: "Paper reading notes"
    url: "/docs/configuration/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/patrick/code.png
    alt: "code"
    title: "code"
    excerpt: "Project code"
    url: "/docs/layouts/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/patrick/cloud.png
    alt: "article"
    title: "article"
    excerpt: "Original and reprinted good articles"
    url: "/docs/license/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"   
---

{% include feature_row %}





## Modify record

- 2021/11/7 

  Personal blog is initially set up.I upload the papers and notes I read during the summer vacation and the project code for this month here.
